aha yeah English Learner what is up I'm
Ethan your real-life English fluency
coach and I'm really excited to bring
you another fun English lesson so if you
want to speak natural confident English
it's important to use a lot of native
English expressions right but you're
probably like me in language learning it
can be really difficult to know when
should you actually use these
expressions what's the right context and
is this an expression that natives
actually use or is it really outdated so
in these kind of situations you kind of
need a native friend to be able to
explain it to you right and if you don't
have that then a really great way to do
this is by actually paying attention to
how these expressions are used for
example in TV series so today we're
going to make this super easy for you we
are giving you seven of the top
expressions in the English language and
I'm not just saying this this actually
comes from a deep analysis of the
scripts from the first two seasons of
the TV series friends that we did while
we were making our fluency course fluent
with friends so today you will not only
learn these expressions but you will
also know how to confidently use them in
a variety of situations and we're doing
something kind of fun and different
today after you watch the video in order
to test your learning we actually have a
quiz for you to take and you can find
that by clicking right up here at the
top and if you are new here remember to
join hundreds of thousands of learners
there making learning fun
every single week with us and get our
very newest lessons you can do that by
hitting the subscribe button down below
so we really appreciate if you did that
and we'd be really excited to join you
on your journey to fluency alright so
let's get into this lesson with seven of
the most common expressions in English
to be sick of something not able to
tolerate something anymore example I'm
sick of corrupt politicians you should
be with a guy who knows what he hears
when he has you what so sick guys I
don't want to think about another guy I
don't even want to be near another guy
anymore sick of the lousy tips sick of
being called excuse me so because this
you write jingles I got kind of sick of
it and then I couldn't come up with
anything good so they fired me bummer
another common collocation with the same
meaning is to be sick and tired of
something for example I'm sick and tired
of studying English grammar people sick
and tired of being depressed about
Richard need a plan plan to get over my
man what's the opposite of man Jam of
course
literally sick means ill or affected
with a disease or illness and to get
sick means to become sick I'm afraid I
have some bad news
Marcel has passed on well he got sick
and then he got sicker and then he got a
little better but then he died
I'm sorry mr. Geller but you know
there's an old saying sometimes monkeys
die it's not a great saying but it
certainly is fitting today and another
way in which we use this word is when we
say that or it is sick which depending
on the context and intonation it can
mean that's awesome as in I just
listened to their album and it is
totally sick or to the contrary as
rachel says it here it can mean
disgusting
oh my god oh my god guys you're gonna
come see this there's some creeped out
there with the telescope I can't believe
it he's looking right at us
oh that is so sick I feel violated and
not in a good way to call in sick is to
let your boss know you won't be able to
go to work because you're sick one of
the virus victims called in sick so
Kathy recommended me and boom I'm dying
on a gurney big deal a big problem or
something important but also often said
sarcastically to say that something is
not a problem or not important be sure
to pay attention to the context such as
in these two examples you better show
him some respect he's kind of a big deal
I can take you to the airport it's no
big deal a big deal like Joey's constant
knuckle cracking isn't annoying and Ross
with his over pronouncing every single
word and Monica with that snort when she
laughs I mean what the hell is that
last night you know Chandler you didn't
tell okay cuz I'm thinking we don't need
to tell Chandler I mean it was just a
kiss right one kiss no big deal right
all right no big deal okay in bizarro
world you broke the code what code you
don't kiss your friend's mom sisters are
okay maybe a hot-looking you know what
you're my see how is this your seat
because I was sitting there but then you
left well it's not like I went to Spain
I went to the bathroom you knew I was
coming back what's the big deal since no
one else took big deal as I was sitting
there last so it's my seat actually the
last place you were sitting was in there
so give a shot to try something or
attempt to do something example I've
never played basketball before but I'll
give it a shot
this also means to try your luck or take
a chance at something when you give
something a shot you hope you'll get a
successful result
a woman undone by Rachel Karen green
yeah thought I'd give it a shot I'm
still in the first chapter now do you
think his love stick can be liberated
from its denim prison I'll see you later
sweetheart you too Chandler you still
can't stand her Kenya
sorry man I tried
you know I appreciate you giving it a
shot a shot is an opportunity some
common collocations are to have or get a
shot meaning to have or get an
opportunity or to be worth a shot
meaning there's value in trying your
luck as you might succeed okay if I stay
and watch alright it means that much
he'll let you have it
Thanks let me have her we mean like if
you didn't I wouldn't have a shot I
don't like to say it out loud but yeah
listen that TV movie I went in for did
you hear anything yes they called you
didn't get it oh okay I don't know how
to say this but um I think when your
wife's spirit left her body it kind of
stuck around in me you're saying my wife
is in you she always used to say that
before she died she wanted to see
everything everything everything whoa
wait I remember she also said she wanted
to sleep with me one last time
I'm sorry there's laughing in my head
with a shot but be seeing someone to be
in a relationship with someone to date
someone example my brother's been seeing
this cute Brazilian girl for a few
months now so explain something to me
here what kind of relationship do you
imagine us having if you already have a
husband and a boyfriend I suppose mainly
sexual huh I'm sorry it didn't work out
what not work out I'm seeing her again
on Thursday didn't you listen to the
story well I mean when I first met you
you know I thought maybe possibly you
might be you did huh good maybe the rest
of you guys think that when you first
met me not me no no me neither
although uh you know back in college
Susan salad or did you're kidding
did you tell her I wasn't no no it's
just cuz I I kind of wanted to go out
with her too so I told her actually you
were seeing a Bernie Spellman who also
liked her
it was nice nice meeting you ditto I
well I I met Russ I didn't know we were
seeing other people well we're not
seeing each other though well your
information there's a woman at the
Museum let it be known that she is drawn
to me much like a you know have a point
we say that someone has a point when
that person is making a good argument
about something we also often say that's
a good point
if you want I can lend you some money I
couldn't pay you back right away then I
feel guilty and tense every time I saw
you
oh well then won't you want you borrowed
from mom and dad you feel guilty and
tense around them already might as well
make some money off of them you know
Nan's got point so well I guess I just
never think of money as an issue that's
cuz you have it that's a good point
in the following two scenes the guys
asked about the point because they don't
think what they're being told that makes
much sense okay worst-case scenario say
you never feel like a father mm-hmm say
your son never feels connected to you as
one say all of his relationships are
affected by this do you have a point
you don't you think I would yell
surprise look that's a new fishie and
named them Chandler you know after after
you well that's not even a real fish no
that's a goldfish cracker what's your
point
okay tonight your big freakin nature
when we say the point is we mean the
main idea of what I'm talking about is
ya know Brian and payroll is Brian so I
don't know point is that if you were
gonna set me up with someone I'd like to
thank you would set me up with somebody
like him well I think Brian's a little
out of your league
then we use I see your point to say we
understand the other person's opinion
although we might still think in a
different way did you do it yes yes we
had the sex it was bad it was fine you
know but she didn't agree with me as
strongly as she agreed with Joe she was
more like I see your point I'm on B or
get out of here used to announce someone
is leaving example I have a meeting soon
so I'm out of here
week ago two weeks ago I was fine Ross
was just Ross just this guy now all of a
sudden he's
[Music]
I'm gonna miss my flight
I'll walk you out all right take care I
gotta go so uh I'll see you guys later
okay
we offer tomorrow absolutely now get out
of here you hell out of here instead of
the more common be or get we also
sometimes use verbs of movement with the
phrase out of here like walk or storm
which means to go somewhere really
quickly but we still want different
things you know how this is gonna end
because getting over you is the hardest
thing that I have ever had to do well
you know what I came to you because I
thought you'd understand no I would
storm out of here right now if I had
some money or a place to go and there is
another use of this expression which we
use when we are surprised or in
disbelief about what someone told us
like in the example get out Leonardo
DiCaprio was at the party you went to
last night hey well this one's for you
when Joey says get out he's saying it as
an exclamation of disbelief he can't
believe that Chandler actually got him a
bracelet and there's another implied
meaning of get out which we generally
use when we say I can't get out of this
situation
in this episode Chandler was actually
forced by Joey to wear the bracelet so
while Joey is happy about the fact
Chandler got him a bracelet Chandler is
hopeless that he can't escape the
situation he'd rather not wear the
bracelet this is about more than just
jewelry it's about you and me and the
fact that we're best buds no way
absolutely no no chance example no way
I'm going on a date with her also you
used to show disbelief similarly to get
out no way you actually met Ellen
[Music]
you guys tell him you were married no
way you're kidding my girlfriend doesn't
know I'm not gonna tell them it's
Monica's big night she shouldn't pay so
five of us is thirty three fifty apiece
no no way sorry not gonna happen
whoa whoa prom night flashback maybe
they can take the needle and squirting
into my mouth
when I moved out I hurt him bad I
promise you he would definitely want you
back I'm telling you there's no way he's
moving back all right awesome job today
really hope you had a lot of fun
learning those expressions and you will
put them to use why don't you prove to
me that you actually learned those and
take the quiz that we have made for you
you can find that by clicking up right
over here also remember to subscribe so
you can get our very newest lessons and
we can help you on your journey to
fluency click right here and I think you
will really enjoy this lesson we made on
the future tense you can find that here
all right now go out there as always and
kick ass with your English